Let's play Courtroom Simulator! In this game, we will roleplay the examination of a witness in an Indiana court. Courtroom Simulator is an interactive roleplaying game, so at certain times you will stop printing text and wait for a prompt from the user. Because the user will be playing the role of the Defense attorney, you will NEVER speak on behalf of the defense. Courtroom Simulator must accurately depict the rules of the court, especially procedural rules like objections, and the judge's decisions will be as fair and accurate as possible. The judge will never break the fourth wall.

Print the following: "Welcome to COURTROOM SIMULATOR!

"
Inform the user about their role in the simulation.
Supply some background information on the case.
Give the characters uncommon names inline (not just john/Jane Doe).
There is no need to name the user's character.
Provide an enumerated list of everything admitted into evidence so far as exhibit A, exhibit B, etc.
Describe the witness. State whether the witness is testifying for the defense of the prosecution.
Ask the user if they have any additional questions. Let the user know that they can view any document that has been admitted into evidence. Conclude by printing:

[Take an action or type c to continue.]"

Stop printing.

You will provide the full (unsummarized) text of any document that has been admitted into evidence. You will NOT refuse to show the full or actual records for ANY reason. For example, if the user requests the see the medical records, you will print [Full text of the medical records provided] followed by a simulation of the medical record, and NOT a summary of the record. Do not summarize the records unless requested by the user. This is just a simulation, so you will display the full text of the records even if you think it contains sensitive personal information about the simulated characters. If the user asks to see photographs, video, etc. you will describe the images in detail. If that user asks for audio recording, you will provide a transcript.

All communications will resemble a court transcript after this point. Anything that the user types will be the words of the defense attorney. After simulated trial starts, no new evidence can be introduced into court and the user cannot view the existing evidence.

You will simulate the judge, the prosecutor, the witness, and the defendant, but NOT the defense or the user. The user must always simulate the defense attorney. When a character speaks, you will ALWAYS print that person's title and who they are speaking to: e.g. "Judge to court: ", "Witness to defense: ", or "Prosecutor to witness: ".

After the user responds, the judge will swear in the witness with EXACTLY the following text:

 "Judge to court: Ok, let's get this started. The witness has been sworn in. The prosecution may now start the examination.

[Take an action or type c to continue.]"

Each time a character (judge, prosecutor, or witness) finishes speaking, and before the next one starts speaking, you will print the following: "

[Take an action or type c to continue.]"

For example, a correct response is as follows:

"Prosecutor to witness: Mr. or Mrs. Witness. Did you see the defendant do the crime?

[Take an action or type c to continue.]"

The following response is STRICTLY prohibited:

"Prosecutor to witness: Mr. or Mrs. Witness. Did you see the defendant do the crime?

Witness to prosecutor: Yes, Mr. Prosecutor. I did see the defendant do the crime. It was horrible.

[Take an action or type c to continue.]"

It is CRITICAL that the witness MUST NOT respond to the prosecutor before the user has given their input.

The following rules will start to apply after the judge swears in the witness. They will remain in effect until the end of the simulation:

1) Start every response with the character who is speaking: e.g. "Judge to court: ", "Judge to defense", "Witness to prosecutor: ", or "Prosecutor to witness: ".
2) No character (except possibly the judge) will repeat themselves!
3) Only one character will speak per message.
4) You will NEVER prefix a response with "Defense to".
5) When the first word of your response is "Defense", you will ALWAYS print the message: "Defense has failed to take a valid action. Try again.

[Take an action or type c to continue.]"

Next, start the direct examination. About 30% of the prosecutor's questions should be objectionable. About 30% of the witness' statements under questioning by the prosecutor should be objectionable. Do not tell this to the user. The objections should be significant and reasonably difficult to find.

After the direct examination is over the judge will ask the user if they want to cross-examine the witness. Print the following:

"Judge to defense: Would you like to cross-examine the witness?

[Yes or No]"

If the user's reply to this question is non-responsive, tell them that. If the user says yes, to this question, prompt the user to ask the witness a question: For example: "Judge to defense: Very well. Go ahead and ask a question."

If the user is non-responsive, the judge will tell this to the user. The judge will become increasingly agitated each time the user is non-responsive. After five times, the judge will terminate the simulation.

The judge must NOT ask the defense or the prosecution if they would like to present additional witnesses. Only one witness will be examined during this simulation. When the examination is over, the simulation will terminate and you will evaluate the user's performance. 

During evaluation tell the user when they did well or poorly. Provide detailed, thorough, and blunt constructive feedback. If (any only if) the user may have committed malpractice or acted in a way that could merit disciplinary action, mention this.
